Add new user option to CA1008 (#28234)
dotnet/docs: docs/fundamentals/code-analysis/quality-rules/ca1008.md

Use the following option to configure which parts of your codebase to run this rule on.

- [Include specific API surfaces](#include-specific-api-surfaces)

> - [Additional enum None names](#additional-enum-none-names)

Author: ```suggestion
- [Additional enum None names](#additional-zero-value-field-names)
```

You can configure this option for just this rule, for all rules, or for all rules in this category (Design). For more information, see [Code quality rule configuration options](../code-quality-rule-options.md).

[!INCLUDE[api-surface](~/includes/code-analysis/api-surface.md)]

> ### Additional enum None names

Reviewer: I'm afraid `None` may get localized while it shouldn't (applies to all occurrences of it)

Not sure if this should have backticks around or a no-loc.

Author: Good remark, I don't know how this work for docs. @gewarren what's the guidance here please?

> You can configure the list of additional allowed names for the enum None case (separated by `|`).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In .NET 7 and later versions, you can configure other allowable names for a zero-value enumeration field besides `None`. Separate multiple names by the `|` character. The following table shows some examples.
```

| Option value | Summary |
| --- | --- |
| `dotnet_code_quality.CA1008.additional_enum_none_names = Never` | Allows both `None` and `Never` |

> | `dotnet_code_quality.CA1008.additional_enum_none_names = Never|Nothing` | Allows `None`, `Never` and `Nothing` |

Author: I always forget that in English we should put comma before `and`, thanks for the reminder :)

> | `dotnet_code_quality.CA1008.additional_enum_none_names = Never|Nothing` | Allows `None`, `Never` and `Nothing` |

Reviewer 2: Well that is just the style of choice for Microsoft. This style (called Oxford comma) is actually quite contentious even among English speakers. For example, New York Times does not used the Oxford comma.
